	
About -  
360 Core Inc is an Industry -leading Blockchain Technology Company.
From developer tools to business enterprise solutions, 360 Core Inc is building Ethereum blockchain infrastructure and applications for brand new economic systems which are more open, efficient, and secure.
360 Core Inc is a leading IT Service & consulting company known for its innovative and robust digital solutions. We help you grow your business into a profitable enterprise by leveraging the unrivaled experience of our highly skilled product development team.Our vast pool of skilled experts in machine learning, cloud computing, IoT, artificial intelligence and more will help you grow your web and mobile app development customer base.
Mission
Our goal is to transform our customers' digital experiences into cost-effective, functional, user-oriented and innovative technical solutions. 360 Core Inc recognizes and rapidly adapts to the changing digital landscape, enabling clients to elevate their market presence.
Vision
We envision ourselves becoming a global leader in outsourcing and offshoring technology solutions. Our attention to detail, quality assurance and careful talent selection help businesses develop into profitable assets
Who we are, how to join us and partnership
We are creative, curious IT professionals who seek to simplify the lives of entrepreneurs and businesses by providing the skills and resources to create customized and reliable software solutions.
Our leadership team comprises highly experienced, trained executives from the IT industry.
Careers at 360 Core Inc bring a gamut of opportunities and learning experiences without compromising on the work-life balance. Partnership with 360 Core Inc ensures mutual growth and effective digital transformation of both the parties and the clients.




Cryptocurrency Development Solution

360 Core Inc earned its reputation as the globally acknowledged cryptocurrency development solutions provider. whether you need a single software or an entire crypto suite, we offer 360-degree cryptocurrency development answers that function comprehensive facts safety and are powered with the aid of highly efficient Blockchain algorithms.

Our Cryptocurrency builders work correctly to develop sturdy cryptocurrency improvement solutions and crypto-assets that assist companies to stand a step in advance with extra ROI and capital boom. Moreover, our cryptocurrency development solutions are customizable to align with the needs of your enterprise.


Our crew has catered to all varieties of startups and multinational enterprises through the subsequent cryptocurrency improvement solutions:
Cryptocurrency exchange software
ICO platform development
Blockchain API development
Cryptocurrency token
Security token development
Smart Contracts Development
Cryptocoin Creation







Hire Us As Builders 


The cryptocurrency builders at 360 Core Inc have served more than hundreds of worldwide customers. With their expertise, they are able to integrate the blockchain era with the legacy systems of many companies to drive innovation & supply success. Keeping up with emerging technology in the cryptocurrency environment is something we inspire our cryptocurrency trade developers to do. With the aid of adhering to new technologies, we consider that the development of cryptocurrency will go through extravagant modifications.
With applicable use cases and deep domain expertise, Our cryptocurrency developer devises compelling commercial enterprise techniques for each client. We can help your commercial enterprise to achieve the capability of the blockchain era via cryptocurrency app development for virtual property like NFT tokens, protection tokens, crypto lending platforms, and many others.

You could advantage from hiring cryptocurrency builders from 360CoreInc in the following ways:
On-time boarding
Flexible hiring plans
Robust support for cryptocurrency development
Real-time communication
Advanced risk management
Fluent user experience
Reliable maintenance plans










1.0 Services –

1.1 Blockchain Development 

1.1.1 Smart Contracts Development:-


Bring next-generation automation to your business with our self-service blockchain smart contract development services. It doesn't matter which industry you're in, whether it's healthcare, banking, E-commerce, supply chain, or real estate, You can use a smart contract to automate the execution of an agreement when certain conditions are met. Here at 360 Core Inc, we offer blockchain smart token development solutions for both private and public Blockchain networks.
Smart contracts assist you in buying and selling shares, belongings, cash, or whatever that holds value transparently without dispute at the same time as getting rid of the middleman interference—as a result saving money and time for business approaches.
Smart Contracts promote automated transactions which can be more active, cleaner, and secured. Furthermore, smart Contracts offer complete aid in legal and financial fields, specifically, by means of simplifying and automating routine techniques for which people currently pay massive costs to legal professionals and banks by means of getting rid of middlemen along with retailers from a supply chain. The blockchain is ideal for storing smart contracts because of its immutability and decentralization. Smart contract information is encoded on a shared ledger, making information more secure, saved within the blocks.
360 core Inc has introduced extraordinarily functional and feature rich smart contract development services and solutions to clients worldwide. Whether you need to make payment via cryptocurrencies or secure your transactions via smart contracts. We are able to create digital contracts in the proper direction according to the client’s business desires. We preserve immense expertise in developing smart Contracts over Ethereum and Tron for lots of industries like healthcare, shipping & logistics, vehicle, actual property, accounting & finance, and so forth.

1.1.2 Ethereum Blockchain Development  :-


Our delivered Ethereum Blockchain solutions will help businesses ensure secure, transparent and scalable growth to improve business practices. We have an experienced team of Blockchain developers who provide suitable Blockchain solutions.
Ethereum is a free software platform based totally on Blockchain technology that helps developers to build decentralized applications. Curiously, such applications can be run trouble-free without any downtime, and additionally there are minimum chances of fraudulent activities through smart contract Audits. 360 Core Inc as an Ethereum development company presents decentralized apps for special agencies across the globe. It's far from a reality that thousands of various programs are advanced on Ethereum using a cryptographic token known as Ether. Ether is one of the famous cryptocurrencies associated with smart contracts being used as a tradable cryptocurrency. It is also utilized by numerous builders to pay for transaction amounts and services on the Ethereum machine. In brief, Ether acts as a token that can be codified, secure to trade and decentralize.
Ethereum platform is used to create multiple applications across an extensive variety of services and industries that include monetary, semi-monetary, and non-monetary applications. These days, Ethereum is unexpectedly emerging as a revolutionary technology for numerous industries. Slowly and progressively companies in various fields are recognizing its strength and ability for making their inner methods more secure and green through Ethereum improvement.
1.1.3 Binance Smart Chain Development:- 


Binance Smart Chain (BSC) is a blockchain that runs in parallel to the Binance Chain. Unlike Binance Chain, Binance Smart Chain offers smart contract functionality and compatibility.Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM), there by providing a powerful ecosystem for decentralized finance (DeFi). BSC's dual-chain architecture facilitates the development of decentralized applications and digital assets on a single blockchain, while ensuring rapid trading and asset exchange.
Additionally, Binance Smart Chain offers one of the fastest blockchain transaction times and the lowest fee structure, making it an ideal choice for building decentralized applications.
Binance Smart Chain has seen significant growth and adoption due to its advantages such as ultra-fast trading, EVM compatibility, and smart contract functionality. If you are planning to use the Binance Smart Chain DeFi potential to build a decentralized application, 360 Solutions can successfully navigate your development journey.
We combine our technical prowess, blockchain experience and rich domain knowledge into mission-driven Binance Smart Chain development solutions. Whether you need a Binance Smart Chain wallet or a Binance Smart Chain token, we deliver products tailored to your business needs.


1.1.4 Polkadot Blockchain Development:- 


Connect the Dots Across Multiple Networks Through Polkadot Blockchain Development Services
360 Core Inc’s Polkadot blockchain development utilizes the cross-chain network environment and achieves high transaction throughput with no fail. Contact today to explore our Polkadot application development expertise that covers data across public, private, open and permissionless blockchain networks.
What makes Polkadot special is its ability to transfer arbitrary datasets along with tokens across multiple blockchain networks. It is an absolute delight for dapps developers that they enable data transfer between public and private blockchains.
At the same time, transferring data between multiple blockchains can become very complicated if not handled with absolute finesse. After years of experience in developing scalable and secured blockchain platforms, 360  has honed its expertise in Polkadot development services.


1.1.5 Solana Blockchain Development:- 
Building High-Speed & Fully Customized dApps with Solana Blockchain Development.
With Solana blockchain development, 360 Core Inc achieves a fast transactional experience for a range of DeFi and custom dApps.In an effort to accelerate mainstream validator participation, we wanted a scalable consensus mechanism, and Solana fit the bill. Contact us to explore more about our Solana dApps development portfolio suite.
The Proof of History consensus mechanism creates historical records as the origin of transaction time.It uses a delay function that can detect high frequencies.A function requires a certain number of consecutive steps to evaluate. Each node on the Solana blockchain has a cryptographic clock that tracks the sequence of events, enabling high throughput and efficiency in the ecosystem.
After years of experience in developing scalable and secured blockchain platforms, 360 Core Inc  has honed its expertise in Solana development services.


1.1.6 Cardano Blockchain Development :- 

3rd generation blockchain development for more scalable, interoperable, and sustainable decentralization experience.
 Fast, Scalable & Eco-Friendly Dapps. Cardano is an open source blockchain that operates under a rigorous "peer-review" process by researchers, scientists and subject matter experts. With the development of the Cardano blockchain, businesses benefit from a conscious community of academic programmers, making it a sustainable network.
Cardano was the first blockchain to implement a Proof-of-Stake (PoS) consensus mechanism. The PoS network, known as the Ouroboros protocol, works with validators to guarantee its integrity. Cardano's blockchain development services advance the creation of both fungible and non-fungible tokens on its blockchain, which provides multi-asset capabilities, scalability, interoperability, and a secure token development environment.

1.1.7 Decentralized Applications (dApps) Development :-  

With reliable and robust code, 360 Core Inc delivers decentralized applications (dApps) development services to make your existing enterprise's systems more contemptuous of a protected and secure environment. Our dApps development services will prove to be beneficial for businesses to conduct business transactions without the need for an intermediary.
D-Apps is an open-source software platform that is carried out on decentralized blockchains and is powered by means of tokens using a protocol/set of rules. 360 Core Inc as a DApp development company build apps which are without difficulty accessible by the user and also maximize your marketplace capability. Decentralized apps are developed on a blockchain that makes them secure and can be seen by each person to make contributions to the code. Moreover, this decentralized approach also eliminates the want for intermediaries to validate transactions within the network. building decentralized apps is not as easy as compared to growing any centralized software program or software. At present more than 2 hundred billion D-apps have been downloaded throughout the globe, and this graph will boom in the future, especially in the app industry.
Decentralizing the app via Blockchain is the next crucial step because Blockchain serves as a long-lasting ledger of records that can be acquired by absolutely everyone at any time within the network. D-Apps connect users and providers at once hassle-free in quick instances and are important due to the fact they can be utilized in marketplaces additionally, for sharing or storing files, maintaining digital currency, or executing smart contracts all in a device. A number of the existing Dapps also include image upload and storage tools, servers, and crowdfunding podiums. different dApps are digital wallets used as a device for handling and the use of Ether. For that reason, the Dapp facts are cryptographically stored in a public blockchain that cannot be altered by anyone.

1.1.8 Eos Blockchain Development :-


Our EOS Blockchain development offers a safe environment for conditions, offbeat correspondence, confirmation, all under one rooftop.We are proficient enough to provide high quality services to our clients.
Ethereum acted as the spark of Blockchain development when it was first introduced to the industry. Ethereum was just the beginning; now is the time to enter the EOS Blockchain
 360 Core Inc as an EOS Blockchain development enterprise can build and deploy scalable applications that can efficiently procedure more than one transaction in seconds. EOS Blockchain development is aiming to turn out to be the first decentralized working system that is capable enough to guide business-scale decentralized programs. For this reason, we will say that it introduces a brand new Blockchain structure for scaling of D-apps. The EOS Blockchain software offers a secure environment in accounts, asynchronous communication, authentication, and so on. underneath one roof. Furthermore, it is scalable enough for thousands and thousands of customers who're searching out D-apps to use it.
When building EOS D Apps, we focus on setting up the right environment, as Testnet is the platform on which you will develop your EOS D-Apps, as it provides choice among constructing apps on a neighborhood Testnet or a public Testnet. We assist to promote the EOS Blockchain development network through our development team at 360 Core Inc that decided to run many tutorials especially made for EOS improvement. We will guide you to set up your EOS improvement environment if you want to run your first Testnet node. On your behalf, We are able to create your account and could follow a sample of smart contracts to the EOS Blockchain.

1.1.9 Blockchain Web Development:- 


The blockchain is an open public virtual ledger that can record or screen transactions between multiple parties in an appropriate or verifiable manner.Decentralized consensus was achieved using Blockchain technology and was first invented in 2008 by Satoshi Nakamoto with the intention of using cryptocurrency. 360 Core Inc as a blockchain web development corporation gives customized Blockchain web solutions which are suitable for recording of events, medical records, employee portfolio management, transaction processing, and many others. We are right here to offer robust web development services using blockchain technology in order that there will be transparency and accuracy in every kind of commercial enterprise like small, medium, or large so that you may take appropriate measures to rectify the problem all through the complete business process.
The use of the Blockchain method for data recording is a higher choice because once the data is recorded into the blocks, cannot be modified or altered and is shared among all of the authorized individuals making it extra secure and transparent. We help to build proper blockchain technology that suits your business needs because no doubt in the future, it is able to completely alternate the way we do our on-line business interactions, i.e., elimination of 1/3-party will make your commercial enterprise greater secure and private. So, why look forward to future development, come and rely upon us to include your enterprise in a Blockchain via the use of our custom designed web development services for higher results and productivity.

1.1.10 Blockchain App Development  :-


 The blockchain is a kind of algorithmic ledger which is stored in a highly secured network distributed among authorized users, in which every person has access to share those records, however nobody can make any changes or alter existing information in any shape. 360 core Inc as a blockchain app development organization has earned a reputation for developing incredibly powerful and technologically advanced applications over blockchain for your cellular and net solutions under one roof due to the fact we know that it has the ability to change the manner business organizations work today and vastly improve the efficiency in management. Using the great security features of our blockchain solutions a vast variety of activities like mobile banking, purchasing, and many others. can be protected from hackers and always available to you.
We help you to build custom designed Blockchain apps for your business that would ultimately secure a file of transactions and can provide you with actual-time access that can be operated remotely. Our team of professionals avails an accurate and comprehensive client experience in the whole of our blockchain lifecycle and are very widely recognized for developing complete front-end cellular programs and graphic designs. A vast range of pre and after development benefits can be achieved after selecting 360 as your blockchain app development companion. Within the previous few years of our success journey, we've glad masses of global clients with our net, app, and software improvement services. We are reassuring the customers to make them reach the highest degree of pleasure with least investment and maximum ROI.
1.1.11 Blockchain Software Development:-
 
Blockchain is a decentralized, immutable, and fully-transparent ledger technology used to streamline business enterprise-grade transaction recording and monitoring. An asset can be intangible (intellectual assets, copyrights, patents, branding) or tangible (a car, cash, residence, land). Implicitly whatever that holds fee can be traced and exchanged on a decentralized network with reduced expenses and minimized risk.
Blockchain is a list of non-stop developing records that are connected through cryptography. In easy words, it is an added-only transaction ledger.
Numerous blocks in a blockchain are connected in chronological order, and each block consists of its own value and the hash of the previous one. All the blocks are added through cryptography, guaranteeing that they stay medium-proof. More importantly, information can be shared but not copied.
As a blockchain software development company, we've helped a broad range of industry verticals secure their business operations through our superior technology solutions.

1.1.12 White Paper Development:- 


A white paper is an authoritative, persuasive and complete legitimate report of an enterprise mission that outlines a problem and its solution. White papers play a pivotal position in any enterprise to build authority in its industry, enhance credibility and display thought leadership. With data-rich information, a white paper is a tremendous tool to penetrate the crypto market and command investors’ attention.
Writing a white paper requires thorough research along with rich expertise and an in-depth knowledge of solution architecture and token economics. At 360 Core Inc, our technical white paper writers are geared up with deep domain knowledge and work alongside our subject matter experts to craft a detailed, technical white paper with verifiable statistical information that provides authority to your white paper. Except for content creation, Our white paper development process includes white paper design services to not only deliver a content-rich document but also make it visually appealing to your potential investors. Position yourself as industry experts and build a strong foundation for your crypto mission with our mission-driven white paper creation services.

1.1.13 ICO Launch Service :- 


Quality ICO advertising and marketing company - ICO launch services
An ICO, also commonly referred to as an “initial Coin offering” is a fundraising mechanism that permits investors to sell their crypto tokens in trade for Bitcoin or any other digital currency. 360 Core Inc as ICO token development company offers full-service ICO solutions which are quick, relaxed and reliable as in line with your business necessities. It is a new phenomenon that has quickly turned out to be a supreme topic of debate in the blockchain network. In an initial Coin offering, the digital token has natural benefits like – it permits the proprietor access to a service, a say in an outcome, or a proportion within the project’s earnings. Furthermore, tokens, those of successful transactions, are normally listed on exchanges, where customers can sell their capitals, and new customers can be available at any time.
ICOs are clean to structure through ERC20 Token standard technology which abstracts a whole lot of development processes essential to build a brand new cryptographic asset. In ICOs, investors send funds to a smart contract for storing funds and distributes an equivalent value. Over a decade, we've been involved in offering quality ICO services with our skilled team of experts who offer custom-made solutions and plans according to your business needs. We're geared up to provide you a strong ICO development platform for new ventures in Cryptocurrency via coordinating along with your group and initiating development or advertising and marketing efforts on your venture. 360 Core Inc additionally provides ICO marketing answers (via search engine optimization) which create site visitors, leads and boom your capital in short instances.

1.1.14 Tron dApps Development Service :- 


TRON technology is a decentralized network of blockchain development that works with a specific protocol, private blockchain browser, and own bitcoin (cryptocurrency) made for a specific motive. It is developed to create a decentralized edge to edge network for media, Which can be accessed all over the world.The languages ​​in which the Tron network executes smart contracts are Solidity and TRX or Tronix. When talking about improvement on this network, we will generate a decentralized application for the usage of this platform.

If you are searching out a platform to trade cryptocurrency TRON network, it is the great place for you in which you can without difficulty cross-transact. Our excessive intelligence with clever technology, we gladly say that we're offered the excellent TRON Dapps services since its beginning. We consider that client is satisfied only if we see a smile on his face after enjoying our services. We offer all possible resources and zeal needed for your project to finish, which is likewise in the predicted time.

1.1.15 Stablecoin Development :- 


It is a cryptocurrency-based platform that works on the blockchain network whose price is constant according to a reliable asset consisting of other fiat money, cryptocurrencies like bitcoins, or other products. Stable coin development was created by taking account of providing a stable term of price. The method of Stablecoin development is going on as starting from producing a crypto token, associating them to smart contracts, locating them at the blockchain network, and in the end, sending them to the investors.
The value of having a stable coin development process varies according to the project's type and size. The complexity of the functioning of the integrated codes in order to be used in the development of the strong coin project decides the estimation of the project. We consider giving more than the consumer's funding, so we keep in mind to carry out the maximum of the limited resources provided to us. So while operating with 360 Core Inc, we guarantee you to get an assured fine quality project.

1.1.16 Hyperledger Development :-

Hyperledger is a venture-class distributed ledger that makes use of blockchain technology by applying smart contracts. Develop economic, health Care, Retail, and so forth., private blockchains. As a Hyperledger development company, 360 Core Inc will assist you in developing decentralized company applications using Hyperledger. It is hosted through the Linux foundation and a universal collaboration that includes the internet of things (IoT), supply chain, finance, banking, and so on., under one roof.
Hyperledger provides the foundations for identity, privacy and processing. It is excellent utilized in capital markets where there is a large volume of transactions through chain-code execution. The alternative important element behind its implementation is to satisfy the need for information privacy with the avenues.
Apart from this, Hyperledger can reduce the cost and involvement of unnecessary things in the real world to improve consequences inside the business. The primary motto behind it is to support open protocols worldwide. pinnacle IT companies offer the Hyperledger blockchain development services to bring transparency and accountability to their company to make highly advanced and secured programs.





1.2 Blockchain As A Service :-


1.2.1 Enterprise Blockchain Solution:- 


The development of enterprise blockchains has revolutionized Internet technology and services. This technology appeared especially when it was necessary to meet the specific requirements of businesses. The previous user has to depend on different networks to overcome this gap. Simply put, we can say that enterprise blockchain is a fruitful invention that was created to provide specific solutions for blockchain technology. When any organization looks forward to implementing a blockchain network into its business for specific needs, it becomes an enterprise blockchain network.

To stay ahead in this era of fierce competition, almost every growing business has adopted blockchain as its essential component. Blockchain comes as a complete package of applications and software solutions specifically built to meet today's business requirements. Every organization needs an efficient network to run its business successfully and reliably.

1.2.2 DeFi Development - Decentralized Finance Solutions:- 


Decentralized finance (DeFi) is a blockchain-empowered transparent, permissionless, and open-source financial ecosystem that gets rid of the function of central monetary mediators like banking institutions, exchanges, or brokerages, to provide conventional financial instruments. Ideally, it uses blockchain to replace the middleman with a smart contract.
DeFi concepts empower traders to borrow or lend funds without a middleman, contemplating cost changes on a scale of assets regarding derivatives. In short, we can say it is the key to merge blockchain into conventional banking systems. investors can keep and manage their money and loads of transactions can be processed within seconds without any single point of failure.
The smart contract enabled decentralized finance ensures an incredibly secure, tamper-proof financial system that is absolutely covered from the risks of frauds, mismanaged records, corruption, or the uncertainties of privateness hacks. Blockchain enables a headache-free, rapid, and cost-effective management of finances just with a single click.

1.2.3 NFT Development - Non Fungible Token :- 


Non-fungible tokens are non-exchangeable with other assets and can be used to symbolize the ownership of individual assets with precise properties and characteristics. NFTs, let us tokenize items such as real estate, collectibles, and even artwork. Blockchain-based Ethereum ensures their privacy and security. At a time, they are able to only be officially owned by a single owner. These records of ownership are immutable, i.e., impossible to be changed or deleted.
Traditional artistic endeavors like sketches, paintings are treasured as they're unique and considered one of their types. But digitalization has made it easy to copy and duplicate its style effortlessly and endlessly without the ownership benefits being transferred to the actual owner. We can tokenize works of art using Non-fungible tokens to build digital ownership certificates that we will effortlessly sell and purchase. Unlike fungible tokens, NFTs have unique values and attributes when exchanged.
NFTs are blockchain-based online-tradable assets that represent the ownership of any product (digital or physical). More generally, they create a mathematically unique ‘signifier’ of any item in a digital area. they're distinct from the copyright ownership of an art work, and are often sold one after the other from such rights.

1.2.4 Corda Blockchain Development :-
 
Corda is used as an open-source blockchain development tool. This tool is only intended for start-up businesses. Corda gives you the reliable privacy that comes with an integrated Blockchain network. Corda's intelligent technology enables organizations to transform their businesses into valuable assets.

1.2.5 Stellar Blockchain Development:- 


Stellar Blockchain is a non-central orientated convention for virtual forex that works on transferring money. It allows users to exchange different currencies digitally without paying any processing fees which is also a fast way.. Being the most reliable and proper way of fund transfer is an open-source program supervised through a non-profit foundation.
The principal objective of launching stellar was to make a single platform of fund transactions for each sort of organization across the world. The Stellar can transfer any fund that can be in the form of dollar, Cryptocurrencies (Bitcoin), Euro, or any other currency it is ready to transact faster. For agencies that are considering investing inside the Blockchain area, stellar is the excellent opportunity for them. With our broad knowledge and experience in the Blockchain era, we are able to take your business to a more modern height that every business should obtain to stay ahead in this incredibly competitive marketplace.
Stellar Blockchain is used to make the most reliable application for your network. Being the most secure network, you will be allowed to stock up your secret data, convert them into token, and go-transact them inside the shape of cryptocurrency. All our applications are based on the Stellar network; the transaction that always takes massive quantities of time is now done just inside the blink of an eye. The payments are made at the same time as generating QR codes so that each one transfer process goes on securely and mistakes-free.

1.2.6 Metaverse Development :- 


Metaverse development is a process of developing a platform that lets the user create a virtual place or land with their imagination where users can purchase, sell, bid within the metaverse. If you are one among those who are looking for The Metaverse development business enterprise, then 360 Core Inc  is the apt place for developing your imaginary thoughts into a Metaverse.
Being a front-line Metaverse development company, 360 is proud to deliver the trending futuristic solutions to help people get into the marketplace and maintain themselves updated on the cutting-edge technologies.

As it is seen as the following evolution of the internet, many brands have started investing in this profitable business. Metaverse is the future of the internet where the flat apps and websites that we are using nowadays are going to be step by step replaced through 3D environments and shared areas.

1.2.7 NFT Game Development :- 

NFT is adding value to the gaming industry, and these days it is much more than just entertainment where users play for pleasure. By incorporating non-fungible tokens in video games, you can take the game to another level that connects with the user and offer them a price. The characters, assets, rewards, collectibles, and other trophies gathered in a game were only for the person to play in that particular game. With the aid of tokenizing these assets on a blockchain, users can exchange these assets and provide them the authority to use their owned tokens in other games.It is the main reason for the increasing demand of NFT based games in the market. But with regards to developing NFT games, only a handful of companies are available inside the market.
360 Core Inc is the main NFT game development company with over a decade of experience in blockchain technology and game development. Our expert developers bring your game ideas to reality and are there that will help you in each way possible. We create an excellent degree of gaming graphics and design, which offers the user an immersive experience. You get on-time delivery of services and round-the-clock support to be had 24*7 that ensures smooth gaming operation. Get in contact with our NFT recreation developers and monetize the emerging market of the NFT gaming platform.













1.3 Industrial Blockchain:- 

1.3.1 Blockchain Healthcare Solutions:- 


This distributed system of information storage has been evolving, and with the continuing research in progress, blockchain is finding its use instances in numerous industries. Blockchain era has enormous capability for the healthcare industry and might solve the difficulties faced in handling and managing healthcare records, process healthcare claims, and plenty more. It offers a secured, promising and decentralized framework that can assist improvise the medical facilities.

1.3.2 Blockchain Automotive Solutions :- 


The blockchain will transform the automotive world and driving experience dramatically through integrating modern vehicles with extra security, comfort, and instant availability to resources. However, most significantly, keeping the deals transparent eliminates any fraudulent activities at any phase of your journey, from buying a car, its service, repair, or selling to the second consumer.
We're working with some well-reputed car manufacturing corporations and helping them in the flawless integration of blockchain technology into the car generation. As a result, the next-generation vehicles will be integrated with more advanced features, offering fully personalized and on-demand services focusing on making things more secure and reliable.

Vehicle manufacturers are exploring blockchain as a technique to enhance security in an increasing number of shared vehicles. The need for more and more real-time accurate data increases as a vehicle gets closer to being fully shared, autonomous, electric powered, or driver-less – and blockchain is observed to be the most trusted platform to put into effect the plan as needed.

1.3.3 eCommerce Blockchain Solutions :- 


Decentralized solutions have revolutionized the traditional online shopping approaches and led to influencing more customers to move for online shopping with the aid of availing them superior transaction safety and information privacy with advanced transparency. Inside the closing era, eCommerce has made incredible progress and enabled retailers to establish an amazing digital presence to explore the reach of their business.
Blockchain maintains transparency in records and follows a consensus mechanism to permit new buyers to shop with trust.

There aren't any risks of double-spending with an eliminated single point of failure.


It is almost impossible for hackers to unethically access private digital assets and ensure complete security.

It promotes the ability to transform critical insights into tamper-proof assets, empowering better management of data regulation.

Blockchain-enabled systems permit users to connect with suppliers directly and other consumers to review the product quality and standards.


Ecommerce agencies can reduce the cost implications by around 70 to 90 percent financial savings.
1.3.4 Blockchain Banking Solutions | Applications - Blockchain in Banking:- 


The blockchain is a powerful technology that has the ability to bring a boom in the banking & finance sector improving more security with high velocity and outstanding operational efficiency including payments, asset management, loans, and so on. Under one roof. 360 Core Inc, a blockchain development company, offers a wide variety of consulting and generation services to various major banking institutions.

Banks are absolutely interested in this technology because transactions through blockchain eliminate the opportunity of human errors and shield records from tampering. This quality feature attracted many major banks and wanted to use this technology in their banking system. Blockchain has vibrant scope in numerous essential banking activities like payment platforms, P2P payment modes, banking operations, medical records, P2P e-commerce transactions, wallet transactions, credit & debit card transactions, and so on.
Our blockchain banking software is appropriate for all-size financial institutions. It is resilient and offers improved customer pleasure with maximum ROI and more desirable security. It can be managed without headaches using a single dashboard that improves employee productivity and customer retention.We provide compliant blockchain banking solutions covering almost all most important industry regulations and provide digital-first banking with mobile and web integration.

1.3.5 Blockchain Game Development:-


In this virtual generation, a developing flow of online games have appeared that have cryptocurrencies in one path or another; yet, despite the fact that their increasing frequency, only a few of them have really used the mechanism of Ethereum or Bitcoin to offer a decentralized gaming experience using blockchain technology. 360 core Inc as a blockchain game development company offers an ultimate gaming platform over blockchain with superior functionality and superior security. For developing a solution that works as a collaborative source for gamers in addition to other distributed apps, We achieved a marketplace survey for gamers and developers to get an impression of what modern generation demands in an application that permits in-game cryptocurrency transactions.
For developing a decentralized gaming solution, we comply with a dynamic technique that involves defining problems, the practicality of a proposed project, considering the solutions that can be implemented. Taking a lot of these elements into consideration, we then indexed out the challenges we faced at the same time as developing the application and the way we surmounted the limitations ultimately resulted. The game has grown as one of the favorite pastimes over the years. However, the developing glide of online games calls for a path where electric athletes can spend cryptocurrencies on in-game purchases. We aimed to develop an entire online gaming solution that supports gameplay that consists of crypto transactions.

1.3.6 Blockchain Accounting Software | System:- 


Accounting standards require a significant time investment from all organizations in the supply chain. Businesses keep their own records to ensure that their financial reports are accurate and consistent. This process is also subject to human error. Blockchain has gained a lot of attention despite being a polarizing innovation and thin idea for some. Most people either love him, hate him, or don't understand him at all. Regardless of your position, it is difficult to ignore the growing number of cryptocurrencies-resistant companies.

This makes blockchain accounting hotly debated, especially for those in the accounting profession. Schools and large accounting firms now teach block accounting. However, while traditional adoption isn't going anywhere anytime soon, it's becoming increasingly important to see how blockchain can transform many tax seasons.

Here, we will focus on how blockchain affects accounting and how it can affect independent business funding. For starters, accounting and taxes are completely different for any crypto-related business. Since crypto prices can rise or tank completely within days, companies need to come up with new ways to keep track of their accounting records. Best of all, some companies have taken the initiative to create crypto accounting software, track crypto assets, track working capital, and file taxes efficiently.

Blockchain accounting does not replace traditional bookkeeping or accounting. Rather, it aims to influence the traditional accounting profession and accounting practices related to record keeping. There are areas where traditional accounting can be important. Blocking in accounting will help accounting firms and accounting professionals, especially auditors, to conduct business audits. Since a large part of an audit is checking the events and accuracy of financial records, it frees up the accountant's time to focus on other things.

1.3.7 Blockchain Supply Chain Solutions | Logistics Blockchain Management :- 


Logistics is the management practices which can be implemented for the stable management of company supply chain, which include all of the resources that are used to manage intangible items, inclusive of information, time, and data, in addition to the physical objects consisting of materials, equipment, food, animals, and liquids. Logistics involves the entire management of physical items from its point of origin to the delivery to the end consumers after satisfying all of the basic to advanced needs of corporations and consumers.
Attaining excellence in logistics is very essential to direct the efforts onto a path of business success. Due to the lack of standardized processes, transparency, data silos, and various degrees of technology adoption, industries lack adding visibility and predictability to logistics operations, for this reason not being able to accelerate the bodily float of goods.



1.3.8 Hospitality Blockchain Solutions :- 


Blockchain is the underlying technology on which cryptocurrencies are built; this progressive era today has moved a lot in advance of just bitcoins and is revolutionizing how industries and enterprises are storing information. The decentralized, encrypted database makes sure all of the information stored at the database is free from data breaches and additionally makes direct transactions possible among users and service providers via eliminating 0.33-party service providers.
The hospitality industry is based on information and data that is processed across borders; at the moment, servers are doing this under a centralized authority. By shifting to blockchain technology, users can directly interact with the service provider, hence eliminating the massive commissions charged by the middlemen, mainly the OTA's, and also speeding up the process of payments. Integrating blockchain technology would make journeys simple, secure, and transparent for travelers as well as hospitality service providers.

1.3.9 Education Blockchain - Blockchain eLearning Solutions | System :- 


The way educational institutions are keeping the records of student credentials and certifications has moved to the next level by adopting decentralized ledger technology into teaching and learning practices.
While applying for higher studies or employment, the educational institute or recruiter does not need any intermediator to verify candidates' records, certifications, degrees, and other qualifications.They can check all these details directly using a decentralized dashboard.
However, many companies and institutions find it difficult to verify the applicant's documents and credentials. Often people use fake certificates to get a job or get into school. Blockchain keeps things transparent and ensures that authentic and anti-forgery documents are stored and made available globally in a decentralized manner. 360 Core Inc helps educational institutions create a decentralized academic management system to improve the security, productivity and efficiency of digital learning assets such as documents, student records and other confidential information.
Blockchain technology can also help with accreditation for educational institutions. Many countries find it difficult to certify and accredit many educational institutions. With decentralized registration technology, it has become easier to check the quality and standard of educational programs offered by most educational institutions.

1.4 Crypto Development:- 

Crypto Currency 

1.4.1 Cryptocurrency Wallet Development :- 


A cryptocurrency wallet enables the person to soundly store crypto assets and effortlessly process lots of real-time transactions. The transactions are made highly secure the use of cryptographic encryption; wallets use private/public keys and store crypto tokens. We're experienced in developing crypto wallets supporting multiple currencies supporting many cryptocurrencies, which includes – Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, and many more. This enables users to store and manage all their cryptocurrencies at a single dashboard.
We support altcoins for those who want to develop their own cryptocurrency. We are a team of experienced crypto wallet builders which have deployed more than hundreds wallets. We create user-centric wallets according to your specific needs. Every aspect from wallet type, integration of cryptocurrency to the wallet's user interface is curated as in line with the client’s request. Our multi-factor authentication, blended with the inclusion of cryptographic security features added to the wallet, keeps your money safe and secured. The extensive range of payment options provided in the wallet makes it simpler in order to make transactions anywhere, anytime. We are well-reputed not only for delivering perfection but also to provide post-delivery support, providing you 24/7 help.

1.4.2 Cryptocurrency Exchange Development :- 


Inside the global digitalization, the online transactions, and the usage of digital currency is progressively increasing day by day. Because of the origination of the world’s first virtual currency, i.e., Bitcoin in the year 2009, most of the countries are choosing digital currency over real currency for making their monetary transactions. A secured and bug-free exchange platform is much needed for digital transactions to prevent fraudulent activities across the globe. 360 core Inc is a pinnacle rated cryptocurrency exchange development company that has a top notch proficiency in cryptocurrency exchange app and software program development.
Close to about a decade, we're handsomely successful in presenting comprehensive cryptocurrency assistance, serving more than 50+ clients with their custom necessities worldwide. Our cryptocurrency exchange developers are successful enough to develop a platform that can securely process over 10000 transactions in line with second without any error or undesirable interferences. Even as establishing a cryptocurrency exchange, it is most essential that the platform on which we're going to process our crypto transactions can securely take care of exchanges and our development process relies on the same principle. All the available cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, and many others. Can be exchanged using our platform.

1.4.3 Crypto Coin Development:- 


Position your business for growth with digital transaction prospects.
Cryptocurrencies offer the potential to provide extra secure, accelerated, and transparent transactions. These virtual currencies aren't only augmenting the financial industry but also making financial services accessible to anyone throughout the globe An increasing number of users worldwide are using cryptocurrencies for a variety of transactional and investment purposes. Owing to the growing demand for cryptocurrencies, agencies are using cryptocurrency development services to release their crypto assets and tap into the billion-dollar crypto market.
Are you geared up to capture the potential of cryptocurrency?





1.5 Industry 4.0:- 


1.5.1 Artificial Intelligence Development :- 


As technology standards rise, hard work becomes smarter. It is not necessary to work tough when your business dreams and life targets can be achieved through working smartly. Earlier, the business owners were depending on human labor to work for them, However now the industrial revolution 4.0 has changed the whole situation. The expansion in industry 4.0.  has assisted the manufacturers and factories with incredibly advanced technology solutions, which enabled them to boost up the efficiency and operational stability of their entire business operations. Artificial Intelligence is one of the primary technology influencers that has provided wings to industrial productivity, higher accuracy, and effectiveness by way of integrating intelligent machines into their existing business infrastructure.
No matter if you are a start-up or a well-established organization in case you are still operating with traditional commercial enterprise management tools, systems, and infrastructure, you will no longer be able to lead the race for long. You are advised to dive into AI-enabled business solutions to stay ahead of your competition and deliver something treasured to your customers. You should be considering the way to do it and from where to start. The AI experts here at 360 Core Inc will guide you with the high-quality viable AI-enabled solutions after having an in-depth analysis of your complete business desires. Being a trusted AI development company, we have satisfactorily served loads of clients across the globe with our superior and remarkable services.

1.5.2 Machine Learning - ML Development:- 
Machine learning is a technique of data interpretation that automates the creation of the analytical model. AI-enabled machine learning applications eliminate the need for coding for performing a particular set of tasks. It enables the systems to automatically study whatever occurring around and take essential actions accordingly. The days are gone when people rely upon application or software solutions to smoothen their operational complexities and decorate the functionality in their business processes. The evolution of machine learning has changed the requirements of technology and reduced the need for programming to execute an extensive range of business operations.
360 Core Inc is a leading ML development organization with full-size experience in catering to worldwide clients with out-of-the-box consulting and development services. In case you are searching for an ideal development partner that can help you integrate artificial intelligence and machine learning into your business infrastructure, 360 Core Inc is the excellent pick.


1.5.3 AI Bot Development :- 


Service companies claim to provide round-the-clock support services to their clients. Earlier, a majority of chat support services were provided by means of human-operated systems, which sometimes lacked satisfactory real-time services. To solve response delays and other ambiguities, technology experts are introducing chatbots. It has automated the customer service system by getting rid of the need for human involvement. No matter if you own a website, application, or software, by integrating the chatbot system into your IT infrastructure, you can automate the customer support operations with better precision, accuracy, velocity, and transparency.
you can both integrate any of the prepared to deliver chatbots or a customized chatbot into your system. If you want to create a custom chatbot to suit your business Requirements individually, the chatbot builders right here at 360 can help you out to the root. Since 2017, we're serving global clients and have exclusively satisfied all their IT needs. regardless of, what is the size of your enterprise, in which service or product sector you are operating? by integrating the chatbot into your website, business application, or software, you can automate the customer service system and can control this on your fingertips.
As a top-rated chatbot development organization, we not only provide strategy building, planning, programming, implementation, and execution services, however we make sure you have a smooth and headache-free business cycle. We understand what our clients want and how to satisfy their business requirements. In case you are planning to accompany us to help you create a customized chatbot for your commercial enterprise, it means you are about to add a booster to your enterprise success.

1.5.4 Smart Contract Audit:- 


Security is important in the blockchain space. Our comprehensive smart contract monitoring service helps everyone from startups to enterprises deploy and maintain blockchain applications.
A suite of industry-leading blockchain security analysis tools, combined with review by our veteran smart contract auditors, ensures that your Ethereum application is built and built to protect users.
Benefits of a Smart Contract Audit:-
Avoid Costly Errors - Auditing your code early in the development lifecycle prevents potentially catastrophic vulnerabilities after launch.
Automatic Scans - Our APIs provide affordable smart contract security options and the peace of mind that your code is fortified.
Expert Review - Veteran security auditors manually double-check your code to eliminate spurious results.
Easy Integration - Our tools integrate into your development environment so you can perform continuous security analysis.
Continuous Verification - Monitor any security vulnerabilities as you write and change code.
Detailed Analytics Reports - Receive a vulnerability report with an executive summary, vulnerability details, and mitigation guidance.

1.6 Digital Marketing :- 

1.6.1 Press Release Distribution Services:-


Raise awareness, increase online visibility, and gain media coverage. 360 Core Inc distributes press releases and multimedia content on behalf of thousands of customers every year, including growing businesses, agencies, non-profits, and many of the world’s largest public companies. We have options to fit your unique needs and budget, with second-to-none editorial services.
360 Core Inc. also offers online press distribution services that help you distribute your press releases in mainstream media without third-party corporate branding. With our service, your press release is guaranteed to be published in several top media outlets including the ABC, NBC and FOX networks, Yahoo News, Yahoo Finance, Bloomberg, MarketWatch and more. With more than 330,000 publications, 900,000 journalists and 90 million social media influencers worldwide, we have the most powerful network in the industry.
1.6.2 Social & Content Marketing:- 


We’ll help you create a blog, design your website, and establish a social media presence.We offer 24/7 customer support, so no matter what life throws at you, you can always connect with your target audience seamlessly.
We know how to use crypto social media and marketing technology to reach all demographics by properly implementing various tools and connecting your brand across platforms, while increasing brand visibility and ensuring lasting engagement.

KEY OFFERINGS :
Search Engine Optimized content creation (technical and non-technical)
Visual resource creation (for blog posts and social media)
Scheduled posting on the agreed social media platforms & blog post publishing
Social listening and optimization
Analytics reporting (monthly/weekly reporting of SM activities and results)


1.6.3 ADVERTISING, PPC & PROGRAMMATIC :- 


360 Core Inc  provides paid marketing services that can put your brand in front of the right target audience and drive traffic to your website or landing page.We can help you get more subscribers, launch successful token generation events (TGEs), and more. The experienced 360’s  team crafts a carefully planned strategy for diversified channels to achieve your most strategic KPIs by ensuring landing page optimization and campaign management throughout all phases of the advertising process.
KEY OFFERINGS :
Selecting suitable ad platform(s)
Budget suggestion
Keyword discovery & digital ad copywriting
Digital ad visual design
Initial campaign setup
Ad creation and Goals setup in Google Analytics
A/B campaign testing
Ad campaign & copy optimization
Campaign monitoring and reporting

1.6.4 Exchange Listing:- 


360 Core Inc team will make sure you’re on all the pertinent, free token listing websites. We also can provide a comprehensive rundown of applicable paid listings and advice on the most suitable paid listing strategy to your blockchain mission.
Key Offerings:
Listing Site Analysis :-  Creation of a comprehensive and customized list of token listing websites that offer the most impact for your token sale
Getting Listed :- Contacting and managing crypto token listing sites to ensure your project is properly highlighted across the highest engagement web properties
Facilitate Payments :-  To help ease the process, we will collate the invoices of the chosen paid listing websites for you to make the direct payment.

1.6.5 INFLUENCER OUTREACH:- 


Influencer outreach will have a massive effect on the success of your blockchain project, especially in the initial phase. Some influencers may pick up projects because they find them interesting, innovative, or thrilling — all of it relies upon how you approach these contacts.
We can provide our clients access to 1500 influencers with a total reach of 291 million fans, 3000+ family offices and 42,000 institutional, retail, funds, fund of funds, crypto funds, p/e, VC investors, and so on.
Our team will draft an attractive message tailored for each individual influencer primarily based on their personal interests, contact our extensive list of blockchain-related influencers and then report back their sentiments with possible collaboration opportunities.

1.6.6 Cryptocurrency Airdrop :-


We here at 360 Core Inc are experts in managing an airdrop, in the cryptocurrency business, is a marketing stunt that involves sending coins or tokens to wallet addresses in order to promote awareness of a new virtual currency. Small amounts of the new virtual currency are sent to the wallets of active members of the blockchain community for free or in return for a small service, such as retweeting a post sent by the company issuing the currency.

1.6.7 Bounty Campaigns:-


Bounty Campaign is a specific PR strategy that encourages its participants and supporters to promote the project. The Crypto Bounty campaign is aimed at creating awareness about your project to get more people involved in the token sale. Because a good contributor is a true influencer who truly believes in the project.
Some of these Crypto Bounty campaigns include:
Social media campaigns (e.g. Telegram, Twitter, Facebook, Reddit, YouTube, etc.)
Content marketing campaign (e.g. blog posts, PR, newsletters, infographics, etc.)
Translation campaign (e.g. whitepaper and website translation campaigns)
Signature campaign (e.g. reputable members on a forum like Bitcointalk use your brand/logo in their signature to promote). A bounty campaign is a crypto marketing strategy where potential contributors (bounty hunters) perform promotional activities on behalf of the company in exchange for a percentage of the project's tokens. So it involves creating small tasks for bounty hunters and paying tokens in exchange.
With Crypto Bounty Campaigns, blockchain projects can benefit in many ways, such as:
Create awareness among your target audience.
Build a strong community of advocates for your project.
Reduce paid advertising costs for ICOs.

1.7 Contact / Get In Touch : -

Contact Details Form 
Office Address / Phone 
1.8 Community :- 

1.8.1 360 Core Inc Grants :- 


We are the gateway to financing open source projects.
360 Core Inc Grants fund blockchain technology projects that meet the needs of the rapidly accelerating Ethereum ecosystem. Some key areas include: core infrastructure, social impact, improved developer tools and UX, security, and access to education. Likewise, we focus on funding core components and technologies that will enable far-reaching community building projects in the blockchain space. We strive to understand the basic needs of the ecosystem and look for great projects that respond to those basic needs by allowing others to build on their development.

360 Core Inc will support projects by connecting the grantee community and the grant advisory board.

1.8.2 Academy:- 


1.8.3 Blogs:- 

1.8.4 Talk With Us Bot
1.9 Career :- 
Submit your Resume 
Work For Us 
